Update to api platform v2.6 (#12510)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-1.10.md

   If you are using they on your custom entity `api_resource` configuration or serialization groups, you should check if one of these changes may affect on your app. If yes, change all occurs by this pattern:

- `product_review:update` changed to: `admin:product_review:update` and `shop:product_review:update`

> 1. We've removed `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\ApiPlatform\Bridge\Doctrine\ORM\SubresourceDataProvider` is not longer needed because `ApiPlatform\Core\Bridge\Doctrine\Orm\SubresourceDataProvider` is the same file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We've removed `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\ApiPlatform\Bridge\Doctrine\ORM\SubresourceDataProvider`. It's no longer needed because `ApiPlatform\Core\Bridge\Doctrine\Orm\SubresourceDataProvider` is the same file.
```
